Update fixing-common-issues.mdx (#4446)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/generative-apis/troubleshooting/fixing-common-issues.mdx

}
```

> ## Tokens consumption is not displayed in Cockpit Metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Tokens consumption is not displayed in Cockpit metrics
```

### Causes

> - Cockpit are isolated by `project_id` and only display tokens consumption related to one project.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Cockpit is isolated by `project_id` and only displays token consumption related to one Project.
```

> - Cockpit `Tokens Processed` graphs along time can take up to an hour to update (to provide more accurate average consumptions over time). Note that the overall `Tokens Processed` counter is updated in real time.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Cockpit `Tokens Processed` graphs along time can take up to an hour to update (to provide more accurate average consumptions over time). The overall `Tokens Processed` counter is updated in real time.
```

### Solution

> - Ensure you are connecting to the right Cockpit for your project. Cockpits are currently isolated by `project_id`, that you can see in their url: `https://{PROJECT_ID}.dashboard.obs.fr-par.scw.cloud/`. This project should correspond to the one used in the URL you used to perform Generative APIs requests, such as `https://api.scaleway.ai/{PROJECT_ID}/v1/chat/completions`. You can list your projects and their ids in your [Organization Dashboard](https://console.scaleway.com/organization/projects).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Ensure you are connecting to the Cockpit corresponding to your Project. Cockpits are currently isolated by `project_id`, which you can see in their URL: `https://PROJECT_ID.dashboard.obs.fr-par.scw.cloud/`. This Project should correspond to the one used in the URL you used to perform Generative APIs requests, such as `https://api.scaleway.ai/{PROJECT_ID}/v1/chat/completions`. You can list your projects and their IDs in your [Organization dashboard](https://console.scaleway.com/organization/projects).
```

> #### Example error behaviour

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Example error behavior
```

> - When displaying the wrong Cockpit for the project:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When displaying the wrong Cockpit for the Project:
```

>   - Counter for Tokens Processed or API Requests should display a value of 0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Counter for **Tokens Processed** or **API Requests** should display a value of 0
```

  - Graph across time should be empty

> - When displaying the right Cockpit for the project, but waiting for average tokens consumption to display:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When displaying the right Cockpit for the Project, but waiting for average token consumption to display:
```

> - When displaying the right Cockpit for the Project, but waiting for average token consumption to display:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When displaying the Cockpit of a specific Project, but waiting for average token consumption to display:
```

>   - Counter for Tokens Processed or API Requests should display a correct value (different from 0)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - Counter for **Tokens Processed** or **API Requests** should display a correct value (different from 0)
```

  - Graph across time should be empty
```

## Best practices for optimizing model performance

> 

Reviewer 2: missing content here
